welcome to the ibanez booth our big news
this year is fresh stage for stage those
of you who know I've been has no press
stage it's our top of the line guitar
it's always been a little bit pricey a
lot of that has to do with the fact that
the yin and the dollar have been out of
whack for quite a while so we had a nice
sort of alignment of the planets in that
we had some manufacturing efficiencies
over the last few years and yet in the
dollar kind of flattened out so now
we're able to offer prestige in a lot of
different models and I think what you'll
find to be very very competitive
surprisingly competitive prices just to
show you give you an idea this is a
prestige RG as an edge tremolo go two
tuners and it's everything that you've
come to expect from both the iconic RG
and from from the prestige models
over here we have the prestige s series
models the s series if you'll notice
also has a low profile tram system
completely routed out here to create for
your picking hand absolute clearance you
kind of forget that it's even there
obviously really really beautiful
quilted maple tops go two tuners it's an
extremely comfortable guitar and
available both in tram and park tail
many of you may know us as the first and
seven liter in eight we're the ones who
really really push the seven-string idea
working with Steve I back in the day
take a look at the RJ we did a little
something a little bit different with
the top here at this is called a black
limbo now the body itself is best wood
but the top is this african black limbo
really really beautiful both on the body
and the head stop
now as I also said first 27 the later
innate we're doing a lot a lot of
different eight strings on a lot of
different price points that same
instrument that you just saw it's also
available as an eight with EMG pickups a
TMJ is doing an amazing job with eight
string pickups in terms of being able to
bring that bass sound and create
definition and articulation all the
things that you would look for you know
with it not allowing the sounds of
turning mud along the way the big thing
that we've been able to do is to make
the neck of the aid string because
there's so much tension we make the neck
of the a string just completely playable
anytime you pick one of these out you're
going to be really really really
surprised to find how playable it is all
right now what we're going to look at is
our new uppercut series and the uppercut
series is also part of the press the
prestige initiative building Japan this
is the rgd version we also have an
epilogue version and the big standout
component here is bare knuckle pickups
and for those of you who are familiar
with them UK boutique pickups and wound
extraordinary definition we had so many
artists who are asking for modifications
to have the buckle pickups put in we we
reached out to them and created a
partnership with them and then finally
the coup de Gras last year one of the
most talked-about prototypes that the
ibanez both was a nine strength while
here it is come to fruition
prestige version of nine string
and then a more affordable version
called the RG nine
going to Ibanez calm that's a really
great web feature on there that explains
everything about prestige has some of
the people who were involved in creating
it along the way speaking about its
history of what